Mostly, I want you to do a gitignore at this point in the course.
So git is obviously our source tracking for our project.
And mostly, I just want you to make a gitignore file for stuff.
This will really help out VS Code to be faster for just a bunch of stuff, because VS Code
relies heavily on your gitignore being useful.
And I just want you to, like, it's good.
All of my projects, even if they're not making it to GitHub, I still have a habit of committing
and tracking and all that kind of stuff.
And most of it ends up on git.
I have so much private garbage on GitHub anyway.
So anyway, the first thing that you always ignore in your gitignore, especially if you're
on your Mac, and especially if you're not on a Mac, is DSStore.
This shows up in so many projects.
It's hilarious.
It's a file that's auto-generated by macOS.
As far as I know, so if you just drag a file here, it's the positioning in the macOS window.
And that's why it's in DSStore.
It might be other stuff too, but anyway, that's why DSStore ends up in every file.
Node modules, that should also be one that you immediately ignore, right?
Because this is stuff that you don't want to check in, you just want to npm install
it every single time.
Do we have a dist in this?
I can't remember.
But we'll just copy what I have in here.
Do we have a dot?
I don't remember either.
But .m files, you always want to ignore those.
Coverage, we will have one of those.
You can ignore the .vscode or not.
That's up to you.
I tend to ignore it.
So the .vscode directory is like if you want to make configurations specifically for your
project when you open it, it'll generate this .vscode directory.
It's up to you if you want to check that in or not.
If you think that's useful to share with your coworkers, then check it in.
I can think of an example like it's a Python project, you want to make sure that everyone's
using Pylance with your projects.
You would have a .vscode directory that would tell their projects, please install Pylance
for them.
Up to you.
If you need more instruction on this, Primogen definitely has a course.
Everything you know about Git.
And also Nina's.
Nina's is also great too.
Yeah, I hired Nina at Reddit.
We worked together for a long time and then we worked together again at Microsoft.
The last thing we'll do is run git init.
It might yell at you.
Oh no, it's fine.
Okay.
So this will initiate an empty Git project.
Even though I'm inside of my Git project, it's kind of an onion.
It goes to the nearest Git project in there.
And you can see here I have a .git directory.
So that's kind of up to you.
If you want to just track it as part of my repo that you were in, right, because I'm
just in the complete intro to React V9 projects, right, and I have Padre Gino's in here.
Or if you want to have your own separate, this is my repo that I built, you can get
in it in there and you can track it as part of that.
That's totally up to you.